
Privacy policy for
Plausie android app
Effective date: May 22, 2017

The maker of Plausie respects people's privacy. Privacy is a big matter of concern in today's world. We are hereby explaining
what kind of information we try to access from or store into your device.

I.   Information collection and use
We do not collect any kind of information from you. We do not need any information. What this app does is to enable you
to save some notes, which may be a plain note or a drawing or a captured photo or maybe a voice recording. If you look
carefully, you will see that the app does not need any internet connectivity. And if the makers wanted to do anything with
your data they would need them at their server and not in your device. This is just a standalone application.

II.  Do we track you by any means
This is a big no. Just as the makers do not want to be tracked, they also do not want to track you. You are just going to use
an app that saves notes and that also into a database or folder in your own device. There are just no needs or importance
to save your location or where you are moving for them.

III. Approach to secure your content
We provide a simple facility of providing a numeric password, for restricting access to the app, which can be of 4 to 8 digits to protect your notes. The user will be able to change the password. Beyond this, there does not exist any other mechanisms like email or phone number verification, OTP or encryption etc.

IV.  Can I contact Plausie makers
Yes you can. You can send a mail to us directly at plausieapp@gmail.com.

V.   Can Plausie makers contact me
Only if you need an answer for anything regarding this app. We will never contact you unless you mail us anything.

VI.  What kind of permissions are required and why
We need to store the drawings you paint, the pictures you capture and the recordings you make into the device. So we
need permission to write all these things to your storage device. We need the camera permission to make sure you can
capture an image and save it as a pin. We need the read storage permission so as to read the stored information(here
images, recordings or drawings) from your device storage.


VII. Can contents be shared
Yes, contents can be shared with others from this application. You can send the notes, drawings or pins with images
to other people using some other content sharing/ sending applications. This application does not have direct communication
facility between users and using the service for some other application is necessary in this regard.
Recordings are not allowed to share from the application right now. However, you can share them from any other application
by browsing to them.

VIII.Where are the data stored
Most of the data are stored in a local database. The files however are stored inside a folder named Plausie, that
you can find inside of your storage card. The Plausie directory can contain separate subdirectories for storing
recording files, drawing files and captured images. Simple notes are solely stored in the local database though.

IX.  Is there any way I can lose my data
Most of the data are stored in a local database. A local database means that the database resides in your device and
is not hosted remotely on a server. Clearing data of the application will clear all data stored in it. However
in that case the as a manual deletion of different types of notes did not take place, so you might still be able to
get the drawings, images and recordings inside the Plausie directory in storage card.

X.   Can users delete these Notes
Yes, just as they can create a note whenever they want, they can also delete a note whenever they want. In case of
drawings, recordings and pins the data stored in database and the file both will be deleted.

XI.  Does this app uses any data stored in it
We know that you might store something that is of utmost importance to you and the nature of those information may
be of very sensitive in nature. We would like to reaffirm what we have said earlier. We do not store your content
in any remote server. Your note contents or anything is not used for any gains, monetary or otherwise, for us.

XII. Who created this app
This android application was created by Soumen Ganguly. He can be reached at soumen.ganguly1990@gmail.com.

XIII.How to contact support
For any support related queries please feel free to drop an email at plausieapp@gmail.com.

XIV. Which topics are covered under support
Any issue relating to crashes, or abnormal behavior of the application, like images or drawings or recordings not being saved properly etc are covered under support. Remember we can not always provide a support without knowing any particular situation in which the app crashed or the app did not work as intended. So when mailing a query, please provide details regarding the circumstance and/ or context under which the unwanted situation occurred.

End of privacy policy.
